fix: add filetype param to store api document download (#12944)
shopware/platform: UPGRADE-6.8.md

</details>

# API

> ### Returned status code for `/store-api/document/download/` when no documents are found changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed returned status code for `/store-api/document/download/` when no documents are found
```

> ### Deprecation of returned status code 204 for `/store-api/document/download/` when no documents are found

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Returned status code for `/store-api/document/download/` when no documents are found changed
```

the deprecation was already done, in this document, we need to write as if the change/break already happend. because at the release of 6.8 it will :wink:

{% endblock %}
```

## Changed returned status code for route `/account/order/document/{documentId}/{deepLinkCode}`
The error handling for the route `/account/order/document/{documentId}/{deepLinkCode}` has been updated. Instead of returning `204`, the route now returns `404` (Not Found) when no generated document exists.

> ## Changed returned status code for route `/account/order/document/{documentId}/{deepLinkCode}/{fileType}`

Reviewer: is this intentionally duplicate?

Author: ähm, yes, there are 2 routes:
one with fileType, one without ... : https://github.com/shopware/shopware/blob/trunk/src/Storefront/Controller/DocumentController.php#L38-L39
